hi welcome to SBR videos off Peter
lojack we are talking right now with
Tony George industry veteran long time
industry figure and professional
handicapper we're going to discuss
Tennessee Cincinnati in the NFL
interesting line tough game Tony George
will tackle it though he doesn't care
his record speaks for itself he's been
given us winning picks in videos for
free all year long and he's been having
a great year at his sights he nailed his
game of the freaking year last week with
Nebraska in college football Tony George
sanks being back with us thanks for
having me for you all right Tennessee
Cincinnati before we get your thoughts
on this handicapping situation here give
us a rundown of everything you're doing
and I tell us about this Yahoo radio
sports show that you do every week well
we're killing at the NFL nights do it
one with our premium place in four out
of five features i do teasers every week
in the NFL you know it's all about
manipulating the number we're betting
into numbers here and and so nonetheless
we're excited about that we're excited
about the the Handy quality handicappers
we have in locker room pics and of
course the same ones at Tony George
sports where you can get guaranteed
selections for America's top
handicappers and lock room pics all free
content site and then all those free
content blades are live on the radio at
Yahoo Sports Radio 11 a.m. to 12 noon
eastern prime time right before kick-off
there on the locker room pics radio show
400 affiliates or you can listen live
online at yahoo sports radio com
tennessee cincinnati cincinnati 6 and a
half or seven point home favorite the
total is 43 and you know Cincinnati's
off of two good wins and strong covers
but you know now AJ Green I'm reading is
hurt Andy Dalton played well so far but
he's always you know if he throws a dud
it would never be a shock to anyone
Titans coming off the home loss to
Dallas a lot of people though were at
Dallas pegged as a good bet in that one
does Tennessee bounce back I like you
know what whisenhunt does with his team
in general what he's probably gonna be
able to do with with locker all season
long six and a half or seven points a
lot of points as good as well as
cincinnati has played so far this year
with the injuries six and a half or
seven
points adding it all up Tennessee plus 7
is the pic here right Tony well I'm
gonna disagree with you today look at
three and play here because I put a
video out for Yahoo Yahoo Sports already
and I did not know that their second
backup receiver was out as well but one
thing I'm going to tell you is when you
go 18 for 34 and two pics and can't put
points up on the board at home against
Dallas Dallas Cowboys defense is one of
the worst defenses in the NFL and you
allow you know Murray 157 yards on the
ground you make totally Tony Romo look
like the quarterback everybody thinks he
is you got yourself some problems that
the recipe for disaster here cincy 10
straight in a row at home I like I don't
like the number at seven but it's a six
and a half you know kid and sees be
going to start becoming more and more
popular as the week goes on here because
they're made knocks about Ken Whisenhunt
he's had three jobs in five years I
don't know how good kid with not really
is but that being said Cincinnati looks
as good as any football team in the NFL
right now they're running game is going
to find a lot of success and this is the
best defense that Tennessee has faced
the entire season yeah I think they're
going to struggle up there in Cincinnati
if you can get this at six and a half
maybe six if I even drop down to five
and a half by sunday i would wait and
sit on this line if you like cincinnati
now if you like gonna see you take it
now so Peter will have a stake in appear
on it but I'm going to take the fiery
redheaded Andy Dalton at home to spread
them all around look for them to rely on
the run a lot and look for jake walker
and struggle against this deep is
they're very opportunity if you start
throwing it around against these guys on
the run that results in turnovers i'm
going to say cincinnati wins this game
now let's say 24 to 14 Tony Georgia Tony
sports com given a specific final score
all right look you make a compelling
argument obviously Cincinnati is a very
good team but Andy Dalton just a little
bit doesn't inspire confidence and the
injuries and the points all right
staking it beer baby you get Cincinnati
minus six and a half I'm going to take
Tennessee plus seven obviously line
shopping is key in the NFL this is a
perfect example of why that would be
Tony George from locker room pics calm
and his yahoo radio show thanks so much
for being back with yes thank you Peter
and don't forget that Andy Dalton as 110
games a year the last three years in a
row it's a lot of bad press I think he
makes up for it this season I'm just
saying it makes me nervous as a big
favorite absolute if he's a quality
quarterback Cincinnati quality team
you're not getting any argument from me
on those counts thanks so much Tony the
sbr Network offers free sports picks and
game breakdowns big money free betting
contests year-round a real-time
vegas-style odds monitoring service and
much more so come see for yourself to
stay updated on SPR news and promotions
follow us on Twitter Facebook and
Google+ and do be sure to subscribe to
the sportsbook review youtube channel to
catch all our daily scores shows